
Readings:
I found this week's readings to be quite interesting looking at the various views and opinions of each of the authors.

Trevor Owens, I found to be veryapproachable in the sense that he presents himself as professional yet open to collaborations and conversations. His bio is written in third person, however following that he adds a "contact me" section where he seems open to interviews or asking his opinions. 
I also found in regards to the idea of openness, he seems eager to the idea of transparency where one is able to fact check quicker, however he questions how it would change how historians write or create content. 

W. Caleb McDaniel, his bio was more in a form of a resume. This is where unlike Owens, who had a short bio about his life and work, McDaniel lists all of his achievements and works. 
He also is in favour of openness, and says that despite its potential failures or critiques, it holds a tremendous potential. 

Ian Miligan's bio, I found to be personable which made him seem quite approachable. In comparison to McDaniel's bio, Miligan's was much more pleasurable to read. He also encourages any questions or comments and offers help to people interested in those research questions. 
His two blog posts have different opinions regarding openness I felt. The first one regarding the SSHRC, he was opposed to openness, and felt that if someone collected the data, then it belongs to them. However, in his post regarding Canada's open data, he says that we have quite a lot to learn from the data sets. 
It is quite difficult to say where he stands on the idea of openness, based on these two posts. Perhaps if I have the time, I will read more of his posts to get a better understanding. 

Michelle Moravec, I found to be inspiring to women everywhere. Her motives relating to women & gender is refreshing to read, and I did not realize there was a doctorate program in Women's history. She writes her bio in first person, which once again makes her seem personable and approachable. 
She is also in favour to openness, and she "writes in Public" in order to contribute to the processes in history that take place. She feels that having openness prevents the academic writer from feeling isolated. 

Kathleen Fitzpatrick's bio, I found to seem more 'professional' than Moravec's in comparison. Fitzpatrick's is written in third person, and lists her achievements and works with links attached. It was more of a professional website vibe, than a blog. 
She encourages openness and it allows to present "the best of what humanities offer to the university, the university to the world, and we must allow them to teach us as much as we teach them". Thus creating a win-win situation. 

Sheila Brennan's bio is once again personable due to the fact that she writes in first person. She lists her works and achievements then takes the reader on a journery through her career. 
Her view on openness seems mixed to me. She writes about her struggles of digital publishing. She notes that although her open access digital monograph exists, and has been read, as well as peer reviewed openly and blindly, she lacks the official imprint of Michigan Press. 
This post is 2 years old, and I wonder what advances has taken place since, or if she is still stuck in this predicament. 


I am not sure if I find my work generous, and perhaps if I do, it would be the fact that every essay I have ever written has a bibliography attached to it. However, it is not like I have shared my works or made them open. Perhaps the most "open" thing I have done is maybe my Twitter account which is currently filled with Game of Thrones & Raptors memes. 
I try to privatize majority of my social media accounts, where only people of my choosing have access to. 

Exercises:

I found exercise 1 to be pretty doable, other than the fact that I was unable to properly add 2 creative commons images. 
This was quite frustrating and I am still stuck. I wrote in Slack in hopes that someone will respond with help.
I did find using Dillinger much easier in terms of adding headings and adding links, however the images portion really stressed me out. 
I decided to complete the post and export it without the images for the time being until I hear back from someone. 
I finally hear back from our prof, which helped me to finally add photos to my post. 
This is where I added a photo of a boy reading and one of a university campus, that is related to the post. 

I moved onto exercise 2, where I immediately ran into issues in terms of simply logging in with the Command line. 
Once again, I reached out on slack and am waiting to hear back. 
I heard back and realized that the password was being typed, however it was just invisible.
Finally, I was logged in. 
Following the steps one by one from the workbook helped a lot, and I did not seem to have much errors regarding it. 
I was finally getting the hang of using DH box, and realizing how the codes were able to create things so easily.

I did set up my GitHub space, but am just awaiting to hear back regarding the DH box issues and Creative Commons issues 
prior to completing this week's module. 
Once I was able to complete the first two exercises, I went back to GitHub to complete exercise 3. 
With the success of being able to download the HTML file from DH Box, I was able to easily upload it to my GitHub



Overall, I began this week's module stressed and confused. 
However, following each step carefully and following the advice of Prof Graham on spreading it out really helped.
That goes to say that by the end my brain was fried, and exercise 4 began to look like a foreign language to me. 
I hope that in module 2, I will slowly get the hang of it, as well as the confidence to complete all the exercises. 


